Are you happy a little bit?
Who makes them always look down on you?
It's okay, I don't care.
I care that you are my husband
I can't watch you being bullied by them
But today they saw you in uniform
I saw Director Li and the others again
I'm afraid it's the attitude that will change in the future
You ignore them.
Well, I've heard about it.
Xiao Zhou is open
Come and have a drink with my brother
Go on, I'll wait for you in my room.
Are you tired of wearing high heels?
I'll take you back.
Oh oh
Oh.
late at night
Yu Dong, how are you?
Yu Dong, why are you here, my brother?
The boss is getting married
Let me save you
That's not possible.
I told him about my kidnapping
Why didn't he come?
I'm the woman he promised to marry home
He doesn't care.
I must be missing that woman